Our theme is not complete yet we're nowhere close to that.
But I want to make some simple adjustments before we move on to plugins.
I would like to create a plugin that will allow users submission user account log and slash registration
and a bunch of other features.
But let's add some finishing touches to this theme.
What I want to show you are just things we overlook when we were creating the theme.
But these topics don't need a lecture of their own so we'll be jumping around a little bit.
The first thing I want to do is replace these two attributes in the HCM l tag.
I'm going to call a function called language attributes which will generate the female attributes we
had previously this course assumes you know HDL.
But I'll explain what these two attributes to the first attribute created is called desire which is
short for direction.
This attribute will tell the browser whether or not the language used on the site is left to right or
right to left.
Most of the time WordPress will not generate this attribute because most browsers by default assume
left to right the next attribute is called Lang which is short for language.
This attribute will specify what language the page is currently using.
This is beneficial because scripts and styles can display the content differently depending on the language
and the resources section.
I provide a link to more information about this attribute.
If you scroll down to these styling pages section you'll see how this attribute is used using CSX.
You can check what language the page is using and update the CSX accordingly.
In this example the default font family is palettes Hino Linotype but if the language was Arabic and
the font family would change to traditional Arabic WordPress will handle generating these attributes
for you without a problem.
The next thing we want to do is create a meta tag with the cares set attributes set to the W returned
by the function blog info in the resources section.
I provide a link to this function.
This function will return any value you specify inside the function.
This function will return information about the current wordpress installation such as the version or
language.
If you scroll down you'll notice one of these is care set which is short for character set.
This is very important as it'll determine how a lot of your characters are displayed.
If you let the browser handle it then some characters will be output differently than you'd like.
By setting the character set you instruct the browser to display it the same way every time.
That's it for the header.
I'm going to close this and open these single template and make a change inside the loop.
Every post is assigned an I.D. and classes I'm going to modify the root div tag inside the loop.
This tag encompasses everything about this post.
Create an I.D. attribute that begins with post Dash.
Then I'm going to open up some p p tags and I'll put the I.D. This function will output the idea of
the current post by doing this.
The Post will always have a unique idea.
I'm going to call a function called Post class this function will output various classes for this post
that plugins or your theme can use to stylized this post.
I already have a few classes being outputting so I'm going to put these inside this function like so
now these classes will be added onto the list of classes.
That's about it for now.
There are still a few things we can do but we can take care of that later.
Let's finish talking about theme development and then move on to plugins.